## Low Fidelity Participants  
Name: Wong Jun Hao James  
Age: 27  
Clicks taken to complete task 1: 6  
Number of click it should take to complete: 6  
Minutes taken to complete task 1: 17.23 s  

Clicks taken to complete task 2: 9  
Number of click it should take to complete: 5  
Minutes taken to complete task 2: 32.88 s  

Clicks taken to complete task 3: 7  
Number of click it should take to complete: 5  
Minutes taken to complete task 3: 21.89 s  

Comments throughout the tasks:  
“Where is the edit profile button?”  
“Where is the settings control?”  
“I thought the settings is within the drop-down”  
“The app design is quite intuitive”  
“The overall layout and workflow is pretty neat”  

Interview Questions:  
Was there any task you had difficulty with? What specifically was difficult?  
“Finding the settings button.”  

Was there anything in particular that wasn’t intuitive? Why?  
“No. Design was pretty simple and neat. Easy to navigate through.”  

Do you have any suggestions on how to improve the layout of the pages?  
“Probably add a back button so that users do can visit the page they were at previously.”  

Do you have any suggestions on how to improve the navigation between the pages?  
“Probably use more pictures/symbols with words for buttons instead of just words”  

Do you think this is something you would use? If not, what would need to change for you to use it?  
“Not really sure at this moment but more symbols for the buttons would make it more appealing.”  
Any other comments?  
“No.”  

Card Sorting:  

Which cards were hard to sort and why?  
“Rating page and social habits page should be under setting?I am not too sure about these two pages.”  
Which cards were easy to categorise?  
“Settings and friends”  
If there were any cards you couldn’t fit into a category, could you provide a new category for these cards?  
“Like I mentioned above, maybe can consider rating page as a survey result shown under setting option, the new category can be ‘research’?”  

