## Low Fidelity Participants  
Name: Kaileb Bannister  
Age: 19   
Clicks taken to complete task 1: 7  
Number of click it should take to complete: 6  
Minutes taken to complete task 1: 29.69  

Clicks taken to complete task 2: 5  
Number of click it should take to complete: 5  
Minutes taken to complete task 2: 29.63  
   
Clicks taken to complete task 2: 5  
Number of click it should take to complete: 5  
Minutes taken to complete task 2: 28.74  

Comments:  
“Why is there a rating screen at the beginning with no extra questions? Seems kind of random”  
“That home page has a lot of options”  
“What’s the difference between friends list and least active friends?”  
“Oh, you also have games in a drop-down bar”  
“The game page looks cool”  
“Wow, you really went into detail for this low fidelity”  
“Nice, like the settings button up the top”  
“What does confirmation of unfriend mean? What happens when I press it?”  
“Maybe have a blurb about with it does”  
“So, do I press friends list, or unfriends list to remove a friend?”  
“Tinder style, nice one”  
“Yes, I want to remove Jenny! She’s so annoying that Jenny”  



Interview Questions:  
Was there any task you had difficulty with? What specifically was difficult?  
Friends list and least active friends list is confusing.  
Was there anything in particular that wasn’t intuitive? Why?  
I initially went for the games button on the front page, but then realised you wanted me to select the games option in the drop-down bar. Not so great for the front page, but I suppose its good navigation if you’re somewhere else in the app.  
Do you have any suggestions on how to improve the layout of the pages?  
Home page seems a bit cluttered    
Do you have any suggestions on how to improve the navigation between the pages?  
Maybe make the drop-down bar more obvious?    
Do you think this is something you would use? If not, what would need to change for you to use it?  
If there was a faster way to remove multiple old friends, perhaps. I’ve done a few Facebook culls and it takes forever, you get bored half way though  
Any other comments?  
Is the good/ bad social habits page just a page, or does it go elsewhere? What’s the point of it?  

Card Sorting:  

Which cards were hard to sort and why?  
Good Social habits, and friends list. Do you put the friends list with unfriends? Not sure if removing friends is an everyday thing, but it could come in handy.  
Which cards were easy to categorise?  
The games, and settings pages  
If there were any cards you couldn’t fit into a category, could you provide a new category for these cards?  
Maybe may two separate pages for good habits and bad habits?  
Not sure what would go into the holiday category, bit confused by that one.   

